readme update, refer to capture instead of service (#69)
pupil-labs/hmd-eyes: Developer.md

The Unity scene `pupil_plugin/Calibration.unity`, which is included in both projects, serves as a starting point for VR and HoloLens development. Use it to test connecting to Pupil.

#### Pupil Capture/Service

> For starters we recommend using hmd-eyes with [Pupil Capture](https://docs.pupil-labs.com/#pupil-capture). It supports recordings and the GUI offers more utilies (like checking the detection confidence, which is especially important for gaze tracking or features like blink detection). [Pupil Service](https://docs.pupil-labs.com/#pupil-service) on the other hand does not have a world video feed or GUI with the benefit of lower latency.

Reviewer: ```diff
- For starters ....
+ For people new to hmd-eyes, we recommend using the project with Pupil Capture.
```
```diff
- the GUI offers more utilies
+the GUI offers detailed feedback (e.g. pupil detection confidence)
```
```diff
- Pupil Service on the...
+ Pupil Service features a simplified GUI and a tool set tailored towards low-latency real-time data access.
```

The Unity scene `pupil_plugin/Calibration.unity`, which is included in both projects, serves as a starting point for VR and HoloLens development. Use it to test connecting to Pupil.

#### Pupil Capture/Service

For people new to hmd-eyes, we recommend using the project with [Pupil Capture](https://docs.pupil-labs.com/#pupil-capture). 
It supports recordings and the GUI offers detailed feedback (e.g. pupil detection confidence), which is especially important for gaze tracking or features like blink detection). 

> [Pupil Service](https://docs.pupil-labs.com/#pupil-service) features a simplified GUI and a tool set tailored towards low-latency real-time data access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Pupil Service](https://docs.pupil-labs.com/#pupil-service) features a simplified GUI and a toolset tailored towards low-latency real-time data access.
```
